Richelle Direny: Hi, I'm here.
Alyse: We're back there. I just
Alyse: I know all about it.
Richelle Direny: I needed.
Richelle Direny: To get over the cough.
Alyse: Yeah, well doesn't help. I smoke so smoking, you know,
Richelle Direny: Oh, you know,
Alyse: I'm willing to give up some things in life. But that's not one of them. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You got me coffee.
Richelle Direny: Hey, I hear that I really hear that, but you sound a lot better. You seem a whole lot better than
Alyse: Yeah, it took a couple of weeks, like I haven't been sick like that in a long time. Like, it took everything out. It's like, about two weeks for me to get back to like
Alyse: somewhat normal. You know, I mean, and not be like so drained and so exhausted. I mean it's, it was a rough that one and knocked me on my ass for sure.
Richelle Direny: I think a lot of it to in because I know
Richelle Direny: I've been feeling like that just the tactic. A lot of it is because of the fact that you had the babies and you've been on the go.
Richelle Direny: So you're so extremely exhausted that your body, the immune system is so low that you just kind of everything just hit you, at one time, so it's going to be hard for you to recruit and a lot of time when you get sick, like that.
Richelle Direny: It's your body's cry for rest. That's like when you're sick. They're always tell me you get lots of lots of rest because your body kind of just needs to just recuperate reject, kind of like a recharge.
Alyse: Yeah, I mean, thank God, like for my mom.
Alyse: She like even though we were all thinking I get so if he when like people are sick around her because she has really bad COPD and emphysema and like a simple cold for us will like can kill her because of her breathing.
Alyse: So I was like all nervous made sure she were like masks. Every time she was here. Say good morning. Good morning.
Richelle Direny: Oh my
God, she is. Yeah.
Alyse: And wow yeah my happy baby right there are always smiling. Yeah, I learned how to do a
Richelle Direny: Little smile.
Alyse: Dear go, you're always mailing Girl Yeah, read
Alyse: Her. She learned she just found her him the other day for the first time ever. My nose is running very
Alyse: Cheap
Alyse: Yeah, they were up. They actually slept pretty decent last night or what I remember of it. I think I lay down at like
Alyse: 11 somebody was up. I can't remember.
Alyse: Somebody got up at at three I gave them a serial bottle and then the other way. We got up at 330 givers cereal bottle and they didn't wake back up until seven alarm.
Alyse: So,
Alyse: It's been. I mean, it's getting a little better. But, you know, they're like finding their hands and I do physical therapy with her for her chest for college and her neck. So it means like the main ligaments that are in your neck here.
Alyse: Aren't developed right if when she was a baby her neck like should sleep like whether neck turned off. I can't even do it like how like your her neck was turned all the way this way and Hedgecock all the way back.
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's a
Richelle Direny: Muscle is wasn't allowing her to to
Alyse: Yeah, and between then being stuck in the womb, with a baby on top of you for
Alyse: Nine months. You know what I mean, like, so I have to do exercises with her and they prefer that like you talk to her from one side, so she has to look at that side or
Alyse: Like watch TV muscles.
Richelle Direny: To go this way.
Alyse: Yeah, so we yeah so we're stretching these muscles like I have to hold underneath her neck. You know, like, like this, and then hold her head this way and press down on her shoulder.
Alyse: So that these open up. I mean, even, even within the two weeks since the last time that PT was here. She's like she is like she's done so much like change. I mean, even within the past couple weeks they found their hands. They're learning how to grab toy is
Alyse: They found each other. Yesterday, there'll be four months on the 14 um yeah they found
Richelle Direny: That it is
Alyse: Yeah, for the first time, they're like laying on their matte together and they're like, just going at it like talking and this like this like talk I've never heard them do
Alyse: I mean I you want to talk about your heart melting. Like, literally, it was the most precious thing I have ever seen in the world, catch it on camera.
Richelle Direny: That seemed like a video camera moments.
Alyse: Oh, I did. I went live on Facebook, yesterday I was like I couldn't even like I can't even stand it, because it was just so speaking of view.
Alyse: And I don't share like I'm not one of the people that post all kinds of like stuff on Facebook about my life or
Alyse: Like things like heroes always like, oh, take pictures of what I got you. Like for holidays or whatever. I'm like, no, because then people get jealous that people want to run their mouth. You know what I mean.
Alyse: People think I sit on my ass all day and do nothing. And that's so far from the truth.
Alyse: I wish they really knew but
Alyse: It was just so precious oh my god so precious
Richelle Direny: The How did Daddy when you showed it to him.
Alyse: He, you know, that whole Tyrion pregnancy my reading said, oh, you know, I don't, I can't love them because I can't see them and you know
Alyse: He is a is a whole different person than what he was like, for those nine months of terror and how that I went through.
Alyse: Um, you know, he loves I'm girls, they see them. First thing in the morning and like they're smiling. I mean, summer as a smiley maybe regardless. So is rain.
Alyse: No sooner they see you. They just got big smiles and they're all happy and everything in the morning. No, he that's his first thing he does in the morning and goes and sees them.
Alyse: And it was on casings, and then he's off to work like he's at work today, thank God.
Richelle Direny: You remember I told you, because, and the reason why I know that what he's saying is true. I think it was
Richelle Direny: Three. I think when we first pregnancy. I was watching TLC. And they were interviewing I'm expecting parents, and that's what the guy said he did the exact words that Harold's statement he made is the exact words to guide me
Alyse: Yeah, it's like, I don't get it. Mine. I mean, I'm maybe I'm not supposed to. I know that he loves them to death. Now, so that's all that
Alyse: You know what I mean, like, he loves them little girls and those little girls like I've made on spec. He doesn't spend like all kinds of time with them or not they like he's not like them with them, like I am, but
Alyse: But
Richelle Direny: You have other kids home with you today.
Alyse: No, I got the VM dog over here yet complaining because he wants to go outside.
Richelle Direny: cold outside today.
Alyse: Um, it's supposed to be like a high of 52 or something. It's chilly right now. Still, but it'll warm up later. And then tomorrow. It's supposed to be selling like come on man. We've had like four days of rain.
Alyse: Saturday was like bitching cold. Sorry, but it was like that's there's no other way to explain how cold like Saturday night me Harold and my mother. We went out to dinner.
Alyse: And it was. Oh, freezing. So freezing and, you know, then it was raining for the past couple days and now it's so sunshiny and beautiful and then it's going to be snowy again tomorrow, but then Saturday and Sunday. It's supposed to be almost on the 16th. So it's like that's Ohio for you.
Richelle Direny: So who was home with the kids, when you went out.
Alyse: Sorry, his son and his son's girlfriend came and then the other kids are here like
Alyse: Yeah, he's 22 or something like that.
Alyse: Oh,
Alyse: Yeah. Um, he has one by one moment. Then he has the excuse me 301
Richelle Direny: Said 10 my one person.
Alyse: No, no, no, no. Yes, though his oldest son by the lady. He was with for like he was with her for like 12 years
Alyse: From the time he was 14 until it was like 30 or something. It was with her for a long time. Um,
Alyse: And then he has the three kids by Tiffany or the by the one and then me
Alyse: So he has one side. He has two sons and four girls.
Alyse: With kids. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So how is it, how is life. Now how is just everything. Overall, because I know during the pregnancy. A lot of rough and
Richelle Direny: I mean you got you kind of
Alyse: You got settled settled down a little bit in life. I'm not so manic he crazy. Um, I don't know. I think things are good, like I just get overwhelmed with kids and, you know, like, it's still really hard. They're at that age where they all got mouse and my son's doing dumb shit like
Alyse: I don't even know where to start with a kid.
Alyse: And I know for him. It's like his cry for help, like
Alyse: But I don't understand, because he's his thing is that nobody loves him, and we don't love him because we don't, I don't go I don't take him places or something like that. I don't take him. I don't go places with him all the time or something.
Alyse: But he's screwing up in school, Michelle. A couple weeks ago we had money sitting right here.
Alyse: Right here on our like above our
Alyse: Microwave like right here. We had money.
Alyse: Right hundred dollar bill a five attendance someone's
Alyse: Woke up to go get coffee that morning, and that the hundred dollars is missing.
Alyse: And I already knew. As soon as that money wasn't there. I already knew. Like, where I was going. And I looked at him, I said, if you do not give me that money back. I'm going. You know what I mean, like, and I kept it from hero because here would have killed him.
Alyse: But like he like went and got it and quietly gave it to me. And I'm like, do not realize like steel $5 bills feel 10 you took $100 bill. Are you kidding me.
Alyse: And not even that. But like, I've had to go to the school already and meet with them. He was at the library yesterday. Now he can't go to library without an adult, because he was in there playing around and then outside asking people for money.
Alyse: Like
Alyse: What in the holy hell.
Alyse: You know what I mean. And the way the way he talks to me is is disgusting like your I'm 11 year old boy like I'm not your friend. I'm your mother. You know what I mean, like,
Alyse: He, he still feels like in life, like I owe him something like I have to make up for that time when I wasn't around like dude you been with me for two years, you live a great ass life.
Alyse: You know what I mean, like, you don't want for nothing like and that's all I asked do good in school have respect for the people that spend their time to teach you. So you're not some BUM ON THE STREET for the rest of your life.
Alyse: You know what I mean. And don't be out of you're doing the stupid stuff they did you think we weren't going to find out. I always find out always
Alyse: It's always something with that kid. And it's like, I don't get it. Like I could just see it and it's so I feel so bad saying like, I could see it now. I could see
Alyse: Who he's gonna be when he gets older, he doesn't change because I was exactly that same as a little kid trying to steal something trying to is trying to that. You know what I mean.
Alyse: Oh, you just like, and it's like, I can't let myself get close enough to him because of how he acts and how he treats me and talks to me. It's like, I'll just go the whole damn kid away. That's just how I feel like boof know
Richelle Direny: What is um
Richelle Direny: You said that you see yourself in here.
Richelle Direny: When Danny.
Alyse: Like, you know, okay, so I remember hearing. Once upon a time in like detox turn treatment. You know, like dreaming. You do groups all day and stuff. And like
Alyse: That you know a lot of addicts. You can look back and see where those behaviors started with you. You know what I mean, those little just trying to get some just trying to do something for that little thrill or
Alyse: Trying to be sneaky. You know what I mean, things like that. And I'm not trying to say my son's going to grow up to be a junkie, like that's not nowhere like I would never in my life wish that on my children.
Richelle Direny: It's the because remember becoming an addict becoming addicted to something only for relief for a release your false sense of release. So, but there was always
Richelle Direny: It was always the bigger issue this only gave you temporary release, or at least what you thought was temporary respite from your troubles from your
Richelle Direny: Your worries your anxiety, your fear, whatever it is that was that was troubling you. THE DRUGS, WHATEVER force you use was only your release your
Richelle Direny: Your comfort but what the whatever the main issue was, was what you're working through. So for you, you seeing yourself in him. You'll identify that it is a cry for help. Was it a cry for help for you at that age.
Alyse: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Like things
Alyse: Like
Alyse: What were you doing
Richelle Direny: In your own life at that, like how you grow up and what and and then there came that introduction to the drugs that gave you this false sense of happiness or um release or it took you away from your problems that you encounter. Think about your life growing up.
Richelle Direny: Because if your life was the way it is right now at that age, the life that you have presented to him in the last two years.
Richelle Direny: If your life was like that you're giving everything mom was on top of everything going to the school doing everything that you're doing as a model of parent would you have still gone down that road of drug addiction.
Alyse: I would think not, I would think not, like, I mean, although my parents were there, they were absent, you know, I mean like never
Alyse: My mom waking up at two o'clock in the afternoon, like first thing she did was go for beer.
Alyse: You know, I mean the struggles of this and that and not being able to go here, like we didn't even have a car.
Alyse: You know, we weren't able to go places or do things like if it wasn't for my best friend.
Alyse: Like I wouldn't experienced a lot of the things I experienced in life, and then to be shipped off to boarding school
Alyse: in eighth grade and be away from my pit, you know, life for four years. I mean, it probably was. It's the best thing that could have happened to me in that time, but still you know you feel you feel some certain type of way inside
Richelle Direny: Like, like you were rejected or you felt like you were, you know, you were sent away and you weren't so then that
Richelle Direny: Introduction to the life that you ended up creating for yourself, was because it gave you some sense of
Richelle Direny: I don't want to say hope but it gave you or if it was hope for you. But it gave you some sense of
Richelle Direny: Me maybe acceptance, whatever it created for you in that time, or at least what you thought it was giving you given to you now you're giving him what
Richelle Direny: YOU EVERYTHING YOU DIDN'T HAVE because you're saying that mom and dad. They were physically there but they really weren't there for you. You are physically there for your children and other children.
Richelle Direny: And you're very involved and you try to put order and structure and you're trying to establish what you would have liked for yourself completely growing up.
Richelle Direny: So you're saying that if you the life you're giving him now. I placed that on you. And in fact, age, you're saying that you wouldn't have gone down the road that you traveled. So what do you think that
Richelle Direny: Outside of the fact that he's also entering into puberty.
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah, that is a big factor. And that is something that you're going to have to contend with, too. But on top of that.
What do you think that
Richelle Direny: Is going on in his mind, based on his behavior because his behavior is telling you what's going on.
Alyse: I just think it's it's like attention. A lot of its attention for him. He just wants
Alyse: An abundance of attention constantly
Alyse: And I mean, for a while. I thought maybe he felt excluded or, you know, like his troubles because he doesn't have a father, necessarily, his father wasn't my ex husband passed away.
Alyse: Like I like maybe like there's a void in him somewhere like he doesn't feel like he
Richelle Direny: Was your answer. Oh, she played
Alyse: He played. Yeah. Yeah. Because that they're consuming for all that time. So that was his father, you know,
Alyse: I mean, he does. He does, to an extent. I mean, I guess you would say he doesn't respect him so much because he does the things that he does. You know what I mean.
Alyse: But at the same time he he yearns for like that father figuring, you know, for I guess some guidance. Some somebody to learn to learn from to guide him.
Alyse: Because when Harold's with him, you know, Harold. They, you know. Lately it's been he gathers the kids up because nobody wants to ever listened to me or do things properly.
Alyse: He gathers them up and it's you take this out or you do this you fold this close you, you know, kind of get them because a household. I can't do it all by myself. I can't, I can't do it anymore now with two little babies. I have to tend to constantly
Richelle Direny: Oh, so then more involved in helping
Alyse: Yeah, because they listen to him they listen to him, Rochelle like no tomorrow, but for me it's like over hell or high water, you know, and
Alyse: So, you know, he gets some going. I'll do this, do that and exhibitors running here doing this you know he feels like he's accepted.
Alyse: You know, maybe, maybe Xavier doesn't feel like he's accepted like he feels like he's different or something. I'm not sure.
Alyse: But I've started I sent over his information to the school they're going to start counseling with him, because I believe that that's what I said in group on Tuesday, you know,
Alyse: What's his name I can't remember his name.
John
Alyse: John. Yeah, he said, you know, he asked me, he's like, well, how do you think you've gotten as far as you have
Alyse: That it's like, listen, you know, after so many tries and detox and doing the same shit. I always bed. You know, I decided I'm going to do something different going to three quarter we living
Alyse: I said, but a lot of it, I think, is like talking and I said, if it wasn't for my counselor. I said, I probably would be lost. So the simplest thing. Sometimes they come out of her mouth and I'm just like,
Alyse: Why the hell or how the hell can I not figure that out for myself, you know, for me it's if I take my own will and do what I want to do. I'm going to, you know, be doing some shit.
Alyse: You know, but I take advice from others. I listen to others who know what they're doing, who gotten so far and I use that, you know, I mean like
Alyse: It's as simple as opening your mouth and talking sometimes and being willing to listen because we don't always want to listen. But, you know,
Alyse: You take those those things you're told, and you put them into action. And that's how you know you maneuver through your day. That's how I get minute by minute, hour by hour day by day. You know what I mean.
Alyse: Because I know if I'm doing it on my own. I know where my own gets me and then gets me somewhere in a room with a needle in my arm. Like, that's just
Alyse: That's just the the God's honest truth about it. I've had to come to learn and figure it out that way.
Richelle Direny: And sometimes emotions that we have it justifies a certain action. It says it makes you think, Oh, well, it's not it's not going to be that bad. It's not going to be that right if I did this, or if I did that. But then, you know, it doesn't tell you what the consequences is going to be afterwards.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you're on the right path with getting him counseling, but we're so you don't listen
Richelle Direny: Taking it from someone that's doing counseling.
Richelle Direny: I'm not saying that counseling is not good. It is very good.
Richelle Direny: But you are his number one.
Richelle Direny: Counselor, you're the one that you're his mother, you know everything. Remember a counter only goes off of, kind of like a doctor, they go off of what you tell them
Richelle Direny: They go off of the behavior presentation in the moments you are with him all day long. You see the you hear the verbals and you also see in here, the non verbals
Richelle Direny: So you have to say okay this is when I noticed the change. This is this occurred. Then I noticed this action, you will have to say.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I think that some of this behavior is due to
Richelle Direny: With attention seeking you want attention. So remember we talked about from even while you were pregnant that maybe you should take that time out, maybe once or twice a week.
Richelle Direny: However, time permits, and you would just spend that time together, whether it's you and him just go to the park through some throw some hoops, if that's what he likes. But whatever it is you just give him that divided
Attention.
Richelle Direny: You've met you set that for him, whether it's weekly or every other week as time permits, especially now with the babies and give him something to look forward to, and try your best not to allow anything to get in the way of that.
Richelle Direny: Just try that and see how that works for him and let him understand that mommy can't necessarily give you
Richelle Direny: That undivided attention every single day because you have the two babies. But this is what we can do. We can make a plan that on
Richelle Direny: Some Saturdays or Friday evenings from six to eight that is your time and we'll, we'll do something together. That is your turn.
Richelle Direny: Make the effort always listen, just like you're a mom. I'm a mom, I understand that it is very hard to carve out time to give one child that undivided attention, but in this case it's like being intentional about it, giving him something to look forward to.
Richelle Direny: You understand him saying
Richelle Direny: I'm going to give you
Richelle Direny: A personal example I have, I have one daughter, and that was one of the things she wants that time and I'm sitting here thinking like
Richelle Direny: What are you talking about, and so you're going with the hustle and bustle of life and everything else and you could just never in what's what you're creating in your mind of what that
Richelle Direny: undivided attention looks like and I could never really find the time to do that. So what did I do, I tried to be creative in it.
Richelle Direny: If I'm going to the store. I say, hey, come with me.
Alyse: If
Richelle Direny: You understand I'm saying any little thing that I'm doing. If I'm going to the grocery store. Hey, come with me.
Richelle Direny: And when we go to the grocery store. It's kind of like, Okay, what do you think that we need. Okay, let me get this. Let me get that. Okay, what do you think this person like and you get them involved.
Richelle Direny: So now they feel like, oh, I'm a part of the situation. I'm a part. She's asking me, she's looking for what it is my opinion.
Richelle Direny: You get them involved in the conversation. Um, if you're an industry, you know, your home and you call him and you say, hey, Xavier
Richelle Direny: Look in the fridge is this. Come, tell me all the things that we need. I'm picking you up. We're going to the store. Little things like that. It's just making him a part of the equation.
Richelle Direny: And that's just kind of how you try to make that time.
Alyse: It just hurts my ears.
Alyse: Because I don't think that way.
Alyse: I just don't want them to feel the way he does.
Alyse: No like inside. He probably you're hurt.
Alyse: And it's like, I can't fix it for you.
Alyse: So,
Alyse: Just feel bad.
Alyse: Okay.
Alyse: I just feel really bad for him. Like, I know that he he just probably feel so lonely inside
Richelle Direny: And it could possibly be. And if there is also the concept of the middle child syndrome because when we mean, not necessarily. He is the middle child, but kind of when there are children before and after him. He someone
Alyse: Feel I can hear you.
Alyse: Hello. Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: I can you still can't hear me.
Alyse: I can't. I wonder what the hell happened.
Alyse: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Hold on one second.
Richelle Direny: You still can't hear me.
Alyse: I can. Yeah, I had, I had to turn off my my Bluetooth. I don't understand why it you just went completely like quiet. I can hear you. See you talking, but I couldn't hear you.
Richelle Direny: Now you hear me.
Alyse: Yeah, I can hear you.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So, you know,
Richelle Direny: I was saying about the middle child syndrome. So there are there are other factors that because you could like have that financial synchrony where you feel neglected because you're so busy.
That he feels that
Richelle Direny: He feels like he's
Getting
Alyse: Some of the things that you
Alyse: Don't think about doing is
Richelle Direny: One of the other
Richelle Direny: Things that I will do
Richelle Direny: It does he have his own phone
Alyse: Yeah, well it's taken away from him right now. But yeah, he has his own phone
Richelle Direny: So sometimes not. Now, a lot of the times of taking a big chance in this allowed to use their phones in school. I
Richelle Direny: Know my kids school they're really they're
Alyse: Lacking
Richelle Direny: In a while like I'll just
Richelle Direny: Text and I say, Hey, you know, I know that I love you. Have a good day in school just
Richelle Direny: Little things like that, just so they know
Richelle Direny: Or you'll say,
You know,
Richelle Direny: And you'll know that
Alyse: You'll just say hey you know what
Richelle Direny: You will make that you will figure out that time, make the the provisions for the other children and say okay
Richelle Direny: We're going to go out on a particular day to watch
Alyse: You can't be in
Richelle Direny: A whole day, necessarily, because of the fact
Richelle Direny: That babies.
You have other children.
Richelle Direny: It's just finding that time just to give, not the part of dad not being involved.
Alyse: Or have
That passion.
Richelle Direny: That's just
Kind of
Richelle Direny: And that, you know,
Alyse: Counseling and all of
Richelle Direny: That that it's not necessarily something you can, but you can help.
Through those
Richelle Direny: Emotions when they
Richelle Direny: Are you there because you seem like you're frozen.
Alyse: No, no.
Alyse: Oh yeah, good acted you back to YouTube to the Bluetooth because you you were to crackly so I was trying to connect you back. Sorry.
Alyse: So,
Richelle Direny: It's just thinking being just finding different ways to be creative.
Richelle Direny: Like I like I always tell you our charter bring
Richelle Direny: It back that
Richelle Direny: Understanding from a parent's standpoint that it is not easy. I am not going to be one of those who sit and tell you. I'll just do it. Just do it. It's eat because listen, we live in reality.
Richelle Direny: And reality says that life is just so busy and you just get caught up with, you know, cooking dinner, taking care of kids doing you know you're just kind of running here running there. You got to do this you para wants you to do something. And so you're
Alyse: Running
Richelle Direny: In 10 different directions. So it's very hard to sometimes to say okay
Richelle Direny: Let me see what this kid wants. How can I carve out time in my schedule to provide this time and attention.
Richelle Direny: And then when you do something comes around, then you end up having to cancel it with the kid and you hope that they'll understand, but in the reality saving understand but they're torn into a million little pieces on the inside.
Alyse: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Think about when you were a kid, that's how you felt because you were really looking forward to this.
Richelle Direny: When you had plans with Harold, you're all excited about it, you set yourself up about it. You're making plans for it. And then he come tell you some crap.
Richelle Direny: And hope that you understand out of you, your mouth. You say that's okay, but on the inside. It's a whole different situation going
Alyse: Yeah, and
Richelle Direny: And that's just kind of how if you take that exact feeling and you say, if I, as an adult, feel like this. I wonder how this 10 or 11 year old kid feels
Alyse: Yeah, well I even think about it that way.
Alyse: Really don't
Richelle Direny: You. One of the biggest things like that and i a lot of our times together. One of the biggest things we talked about was feeling neglected.
Richelle Direny: Apparel. You just wanted like I just want time away like I just want it to be. You and I, even if it's just going to a burger joint are doing like little old people do. I don't know if they do it in Ohio, but
Alyse: McDonald's 10 separate copy
Alyse: I can't wait outside during 62 and get my book I card. Damn, girl.
Alyse: Dying over here. I remember when my, my dad a couple years ago, you know, turning 16 or 61 whatever like over the hill.
Alyse: And he got his Buckeye card in the mail and me and my sister. We went in, like, that is the most go get a 10 cent cup of coffee for McDonald's and sit there at six o'clock in the morning like that is life at like six. That's where I want to be a 6070 years old and
Alyse: Die.
Richelle Direny: But it's the husband and the wife, they're sitting there sometime this year and that one. Yeah.
Alyse: Not saying a word just just happy to be in each other's presence, you know,
Richelle Direny: There. Yeah.
Alyse: And it's, I don't know, I, it's like, I know all these things as I'm talking about them, but I forget about them because life is like, you know,
Alyse: And it's like,
Alyse: Like, I mean that, you know, and then sometimes it gets a point. With him where I feel like he's trying to manipulate me or use me. You know what I mean. And it's like, I have. I don't know. I have to get myself.
Alyse: I got to understand that kids are kids. It's like I like you are my son. You been around me for years know who I am and
Alyse: You know what to do and what not to do. And you still push his buttons like what, what is it what in your head thinks it's okay for you, he said yesterday, Harold said, well,
Alyse: What are you doing painting. And he's like, I was asking people for money. I used to do it all the time by my grandma's house.
Alyse: And I looked at him, I said, you never asked, nobody for money over there. He said, you used to do it. I
Alyse: Am I stood outside and begging for money. I would never sorry I will steal something first like that was just, you know,
Alyse: Like my way of getting money like I'm not going to stand out and ask people for money. Like, I looked at him, I said, I don't know what kind of delusional world you're living in, but I never stood outside and ask people for money. You know, like it's this
Richelle Direny: So this is the thing I didn't like the other day, I went to
Richelle Direny: My church they had this
Richelle Direny: parenting class like understanding. So like for me, it's more so um
Richelle Direny: I can't remember the concept but like for me.
Richelle Direny: I work it's we're raising godly children are having somewhere in the content, but it was more the crux of the whole seminar was just understanding children. And I think a lot of times as
Richelle Direny: Parents remember
Alyse: We hundred books.
Richelle Direny: Children is unique.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No two children are the exact same every one of them have different personalities and a kind of vibes, very different. So we learn as we go.
Richelle Direny: People give us ideas and they give us their opinions based on their experiences and all of the books that people write is based on their experiences in their exposure, but you're learning as you go. You agree with that.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now in saying that everything that you just said.
Richelle Direny: It's like you said it's understanding that he's a kid I always think that they're wiser than
Alyse: Yes, they do. It's one thing that
Richelle Direny: They think that they, you're the kid and they're the adult and they know way more than you and they think that their schooling you you're not schooling them. That's just every child out there.
Richelle Direny: So it's understanding that and being
Richelle Direny: Literally just being understanding and merciful, in that sense, it's that. Okay, this little quick kid he swear he got one on over me, but I'm gonna let him think he got one for me because he really doesn't
Richelle Direny: It's just, just like, Okay, whatever.
Richelle Direny: The other part of it is outside of the fact that there is a real true cry for attention and he wants to. You have to bring into full awareness, like you said,
Richelle Direny: There's things that you
Alyse: Would love to do.
Richelle Direny: With it with all of them.
Richelle Direny: But life happens and it doesn't always go as you read it but it's trying your best to say if I have time spent with any one of them, even if it's at least
Richelle Direny: You know, some of the things that, and I can tell you my experience. One of the things that my children enjoy, even if you're watching the dumbness cartoons. You're sitting there watching the dumbest cartoons and you start asking them questions.
Alyse: Yeah, like I could see it like on his phone like watching a stupid for name videos like He'll even asked me, like we come up here and watch me play for nine. I'm like, dude, you know how I feel about fortnight.
Alyse: Whatever, but he's actually really good at it, you know, I mean, he could be one of those kids like on YouTube, like in all reality and in in like it would really bring him so much joy.
Richelle Direny: Just to sit there and listen. My son loves to watch cartoons, the characters don't speak.
Alyse: Cartoons or characters don't speak.
Richelle Direny: They don't speak. You remember Tom and Jerry back in the
Alyse: Day, all that's my fav I love me some Tom and Jerry that
Richelle Direny: They sit there and watch. And I'm like, So what's going on. He's like, Oh, it's this girlfriend. And it's that
Richelle Direny: You know that and they don't even see
Alyse: Yeah, it's like I met you like that you see their imagination come out, you know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: And you sit there and you get all involved in it but Elise, that means the world to them because the reality of it is
Richelle Direny: When you ask them, like, what would you like me to do with you to me. They have no clue. They have no idea. It is just your presence there.
Richelle Direny: That's all it is. And that's what I came down to like even with my daughter. It is just your presence there. So, sometimes I'll sit there and we'll just sit there and, uh, we'll watch
Richelle Direny: Watching because the reality is
Alyse: Yes. See that confidence I want tomorrow perspective, it's just your presence.
Alyse: Your presence.
Richelle Direny: Sitting there and watch. I don't necessarily care for the fortnight. But hey, I'll sit there it and I'll try to understanding. So what are you guys doing. So why do you guys do that.
Richelle Direny: But that don't make sense and then they're having this big conversation and they're telling you what it's all about.
Alyse: I think it comes down to just being able to talk. You know what I mean, just, it's all it is is just a little bit of talking, and that just is enough for them, like I get I under, I get it, I
Alyse: I just get I like don't want to make excuses for myself because of whatever I just, it's just so hard sometimes. It really is just to find that little bit of time to go do something so simple.
Alyse: That will make somebody's day and it's like, I know inside that that's what I should be doing. But I don't do it anyways it's my lack of caring, I'm sure, sometimes and tiredness and life.
Richelle Direny: It is it. Listen, I can tell you, I completely understand. Think about if Harold was supposed to come home.
Richelle Direny: He makes everybody. He prepared a or he made the arrangements for
Richelle Direny: Everybody to have dinner or whatever the situation is everybody is comfortable doing their own thing. And he says, Elise, let's go in the room. We're just going to relax and
Richelle Direny: Whatever show you want to watch and he sits there and he watched the show and he gets all
Richelle Direny: Involved, how much would that mean to you.
Alyse: Oh, that's like, like a kid and and Christmas store. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Good job doesn't take much. It really doesn't
Richelle Direny: It really doesn't take much.
Richelle Direny: So if you feel like that kid in the candy store. How much so will Xavier feel if you sat there while he is playing fortnight.
Alyse: Or NBC
Richelle Direny: Or if you took one of the remote and you played it with him, even though you're getting killed the whole time.
But
Alyse: I am I actually used to play fortnight, he got me into it a couple seasons ago and I would legit like I think goes actually person when when you started doing counseling.
Alyse: I used to sit upstairs when he was at school and played fortnight.
Alyse: And talk to little kids online like creeper. But it was like I got into it so much because of like him, watching him and everything like that. And it was like the
Alyse: Best thing for me even said the other, you think, well, why don't you play for tonight anymore. And I'm like, I'm just not into it. Plus, I don't have the time. Unfortunately, but like that was like a so much to him. What are you crying about
Alyse: This fat one. Hold on. Sorry. This was the other bad so
Alyse: Di bad. So yeah, I will be
Alyse: Fat look at them deeper look at him go all in.
Richelle Direny: All gums.
Alyse: Her teeth into.
Alyse: Some, yeah. And the bottom. She has been for a while now. They say they compete for months, like legit for like
Alyse: I'm not going away.
Alyse: Yeah, like, I'm sorry. My house is a mess.
Alyse: Yeah, she has bumps on the bottom of her gums little white bumps. There's like two of them. And she steady like
Alyse: sucking on her mouth and drooling like crazy.
Alyse: Kids are always what around the neck that in their hands are always freezing because their hands are always in their mouth.
Alyse: But yeah, that's they are. Oh my god, they're just they happy as being nice. I got so lucky. Seriously. I just hope they keep these little qualities of there's
Richelle Direny: No, we all wish.
Alyse: God I'm wishing real are do know, but they're just they have their own personalities and they're just like
Alyse: How could you like I'll be up at like five o'clock in the morning, laying there watching TV and I could feel somebody staring at me and I look over and summers just looking at me smiling. And I'm like, oh my god.
Alyse: They could be crying their asses off. But as soon as my face pops in.
Alyse: That first time it's much crying with a big smile on her face.
Alyse: At all. I just like I just love them just love them.
Alyse: He was like yesterday.
Alyse: Exhibit he spent some time downstairs with me. I got sitting on the couch with the babies and he was talking to her and giving her kisses and stuff.
Alyse: Because you know he doesn't really interact with them at all like, not one bit whatsoever. And I'm just like,
Alyse: I've been trying to get him to, you know, first of all, your sisters. I know their babies and you don't you know you don't get babies and stuff like that.
Alyse: But they still need to get to know you. You know what I mean. They want to know your face and it doesn't it make you feel happy when they see when they smile, you know,
Alyse: So we sat there and we all, and we talked, and he asked questions about them and stuff. And I mean we spend a little bit of time and doing that last late
Alyse: So I just, I guess I'm gonna do, I'm gonna make sure I pick a day, kind of just maybe if it's just something I tried to involve them to like, hey, go. You want to come with me or I'm going to get something to eat. You want to come
Alyse: Stuff like that, you know, let him put his own music on in the car, you know, from his phone just simple things. But, you know, to him that's unfortunately I've gotten the understanding that that stuff just wasn't enough like he he wants it all, like, this is how
Alyse: It's like this, everything doesn't revolve like not every the world stops and it's just me and him, and it does. You know what I mean. I mean,
Richelle Direny: The balance if you will always you also have to balance it because the reality is that
Richelle Direny: Children are always going to want it's caught. It's always like that, me, me, me, me, me, more, more and more and more.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, you have to teach them that, like you said, if they have two kids come into the world somewhat empty you teach them everything
Richelle Direny: They don't understand me, you have to teach them you have to guide them. So while you you provide that to give him that time and attention. He can't always have your, your whole day.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You have to give him structure, you have to teach you that, you know, this is your time, but everybody else needs their time as well. Summary your time, the other kids need their time.
Richelle Direny: And I'm short. Now let me ask you this. The one daughter that has been. I know you said that you've been sleeping downstairs in
Richelle Direny: With you and she gets up and she helps you. Do you find that that kind of drew your relationship, a little bit closer.
Alyse: I mean, yeah, it did. It's been rough after they found out everything about their mother kind of the way they've been attitude wise and mouth wise and she's like real distant lately. She's not like has she stays upstairs in a room, a lot. She doesn't
Know,
Richelle Direny: That has to do with her missing from mother.
Alyse: Yeah, I know. And it's like, I feel bad for her because
Alyse: At 11 year old and 11 years old. I mean, I'm like, I thought what my parents did was a way of life you know she lives a certain life and find out her mom's overdosing
Alyse: You know, or I'm smoking crack, you know, they don't. She doesn't care to see her. You know what I mean, like,
Alyse: It's appealing. I don't know, because I you know I always had my parents around and to me. I thought that was okay. Everything they were doing at one point, you know,
Alyse: Um, so I couldn't imagine you know and then things get rough around here, you get an attitude and I get there too and I gotta remember I'm deal with kids.
Alyse: So she's been she's been kind of her doing her own thing. But, you know, she's still like she was down here this morning, playing with the girls and she was playing with summer yesterday, trying to get her to roll ball, you know, she's still pops around. And yeah, it's really
Alyse: I don't want to say, out of all of the kids. She's more the easygoing, she doesn't normally get in trouble at all doesn't normally talk back
Alyse: She's like the ideal child out of our kids, you know, like, that's kind of what we'd like you all to be like, but you know that's not gonna happen. You guys are all different.
Alyse: But um yeah lately, her, her mouth. Then a little sideways, to say the least. But she's going through a lot of stuff inside of her head. So I just kind of let it go. The best I can.
Richelle Direny: It's, it's that concept of I'm hurting. I want everybody else to her.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, horrible. I want
Alyse: I mean, it should at 32 years old, I still feel that way if I'm in a mood. I want everybody else to be in the mood. I'm gonna let you know like yesterday, I was just so over kids in their mouth and
Alyse: This and then and whatever, and he'll say what's wrong. I'm like, I'm like, I'm just, I'm just irritated with kids like sorry it's going to happen, unfortunately.
Alyse: You know, and that's just the way it is. So I try not to have like that and like he obviously knew something was wrong because though I was acting, but I wasn't trying to be that normal like overly bitchy person I am. We're having smart mouth. I just was like you and just let it go.
Richelle Direny: Um, did, did you
Richelle Direny: So it seems like he's being a lot more involved in more helpful.
Alyse: Yeah yeah like he's done all the laundry for shell like it's like God's been answered my prayers around here.
Alyse: He's been cleaned up the laundry room. He's been folding clothes with the kids like because literally before I had the babies every day. The kids will go to school.
Alyse: I would clean from nine nine to 11 1130 you know i mean clean this whole first floor.
Alyse: Vacuum everything map everything clean downstairs, clean the bathroom do laundry, you know, all the stuff I'd have to do for this person efforts and whatever. And it's like,
Alyse: My whole day was revolved around clean up after everybody. And I was just like, I'm done so.
Alyse: We can live like hillbillies and slobs that that's how you want to do, because I'm not coming and picking up after everybody constantly I'm not me.
Alyse: I do not have made written on my forehead. You guys are old enough, you guys can make a mess. You guys concern how clean it up.
Alyse: Like I don't ask for a lot and the stuff you guys get on a regular basis. Trump's like anything like you guys should be looking the damn floors clean for the stuff you guys get around here. You know what I mean.
Alyse: So I was like, I'm not feeling bad about this no more because I felt bad for a while like I wasn't, I wasn't doing good enough and what and I'm just like,
Alyse: I got kids. I got to take care of. I got these kids. I got a household. I got a business do what I can. Whatever. I can't do you guys need to help do period.
Alyse: If you want to have any sort of life outside of this House, because we could just sit in rooms all day. I don't care.
Richelle Direny: So in because you took that stance. He has been a whole lot more.
Alyse: informed on. I mean, he thinks I think he's, he's like, I need help. I can't do it all on my own.
Alyse: Yeah, I understand, like, now you're about to be back to work and things aren't going to happen like that. So, these kids are gonna have to listen to me more. And we're going to have to be a team, period. It's not going to happen. This isn't going to all happen on itself.
Alyse: Away.
Richelle Direny: This home for a while.
Alyse: Oh my god, he's been home for a long time. So,
Richelle Direny: So being home he got to see firsthand all that you were doing.
Alyse: In all yeah and and all the the disrespect. I get and mouth and everything. You know what I mean. And
Richelle Direny: So maybe that was a blessing in disguise for you.
Alyse: Yeah, maybe. Maybe it was. I mean, it's like I said he gets the kids going hey the that all that laundry is done. I mean, we had there was so much clothes, everybody all i don't have nothing. Are you kidding me that more clothes in China got rice. First of all,
Alyse: And all of them are on your damn floor in your closet dirty because you're lazy ass don't want to walk two feet and drop them down the laundry chute.
Richelle Direny: I love that.
One day,
Alyse: It was. I mean, it's all my god it's you. I thought I had, I mean I have closed. I've never even touched, but Jesus these kids.
Alyse: Least of all
Alyse: Willing to they don't they shouldn't want for anything for real for
Richelle Direny: It, but that's good. I did. Okay. So did you acknowledge the fact that he was being helpful and supportive
Alyse: Oh yeah, I think him so much like even joke. He's like, I hate folding.
Alyse: Clothes. I'm like, yeah, that's why I rewatch him about four times before they actually make it into the dryer because they sit in a walker.
Alyse: I hate doing laundry with a passion. I really do. So I'm like, so grateful for him that everything is caught up down there and you know like
Alyse: Like I just told him, I said, I just need some help. Every now and then, like, things get backed up like he's he's taken into consideration that I hate being in the shoe room where my offices.
Alyse: He's like so. Okay. Where can we move it. This house is just so small for us now.
Alyse: It's ridiculous. Like every it just feels and I'm not a cluttering person like I might be a little lazy and sloppy sometimes, but in all reality. Like, I'm always like my house, my house, my house everything so Clary and so whatever because we have no room. It's just so hard.
Alyse: No matter how much you try to clean something I don't want clean because it's cuttery
Richelle Direny: But then getting the kids more involved in in keeping everything organized
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, the reality is, because remember, if you if you're
Richelle Direny: A manager.
Richelle Direny: What is this small all you're going to do is just have a bigger
Alyse: Space to just get more happy your clutter. Yeah. Yeah, it's true.
Richelle Direny: It's always it's better to teach them how to keep things organized then to before you move into that bigger space. So then, because if your troubles are big. Now they're going to mean monstrous
Alyse: When yeah and that's the thing like Mackenzie, the older daughter, she can clean when she wants to, you know, if she gets in the mode and the the the want i mean that girl.
Alyse: She can she can clean it and that's like she's an asset, I'll tell you because you're like hey, I'll give you $10 you know us together and this House will be spotless.
Alyse: For journalists yeah I mean she keeps her room. I mean, normally pretty damn nice, other than if she's like
Alyse: Searching for clothes. Yeah, like she got clothes on her for now from like getting dressed. But I mean, like,
Alyse: Her room is normally pretty dang
Alyse: Clean, other than the stuff on like the floor and the bed but like you. She is my cleaner for sure. The boys were having trouble now because we have to get them a dresser.
Alyse: And everything. Like there's just all this room. I just want to throw this whole room away so bad.
Richelle Direny: That's boys. That's
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And if you clean it today. By the time they come home. It goes right back to how you
Alyse: Yeah, well, they need a dresser. That's why we're not like on them.
Alyse: So bad.
Alyse: Right now, because they really need a dresser, to get the room together, but it's just
Alyse: It's just hard are doing the best we can here.
Richelle Direny: You're doing a good job. Despite having how many kids.
Alyse: In the house six killers. Yes, six kids six kids.
Richelle Direny: You listen. We've been we've been working together for a while now, it's
Richelle Direny: You've done an amazing job.
Richelle Direny: stay stable.
Richelle Direny: Getting through everything that you've gone through even with just kind of with Harold and, you know, with the kids and with CPS becoming involved in your life and just everything I did tell you that they called me the other day. Right.
Alyse: No, I mean, I know that they talked prior
Alyse: Then yeah, yeah. The new one. She just called me yesterday, the other day, she's like
Alyse: Well, I'm going to come out Monday at four o'clock because I want to see the other kids when she came in the first time the babies were just here all the kids are at school.
Alyse: So she wants to see the other kids and she's like, Well, did you get your card yet and I was like less than, there's this place. I was supposed to go to, but I feel like they were pretty sketchy. And I'm going to try to get the card through the
Alyse: The doctor I go see that. I tell you, I'm okay. I found this place on. It's called a line centers align health centers.
Alyse: So they took x rays of me and about 10 to 15 years ago I wasn't like a car crash. And I don't think that car crash. I didn't see the car crash was that bad, just got hit on inside. It was icy and I guess I suffered like severe with flash. They say it's like one of the
Alyse: One of the worst what flashes they've seen um
Alyse: And
Alyse: Oh, crap.
Alyse: Where is it that well I have a paper somewhere. Oh, here it is. They basically took a picture of like they did all these X rays of me and they found that I am like my neck is one way and it's supposed to be another way. It looks like really, it's really bad. Hold on.
Alyse: Oh, here we go.
Oh, what
Alyse: Oh that's that's
Alyse: This is where my office is when I hate it. There's all these shoes.
Alyse: It's a mess on here.
Alyse: It's ridiculous. Look at all this and then all of them. He doesn't even wear any of them.
Alyse: I counted yesterday. So there's 62 pairs of shoes on there.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow.
Alyse: Yeah, it's ridiculous. Okay, so let me see.
Alyse: Alright, so
Alyse: This green
Alyse: Is where your neck is supposed to be right.
Alyse: Or minus yeah look or minus
Alyse: That's cause that's causing a lot of the problems in my back.
Alyse: This is like
Alyse: How your neck is supposed to be going into your spine like and mine.
Alyse: Is a little crooked. I also have the beginning stages of scoliosis.
Richelle Direny: From the, from the
Alyse: No, no, it's it's genetic. My mother. My mother has scoliosis so bad that they say it'll kill her. It'll crush her her lungs. You can already feel one of her lungs through her ribs.
Um,
Alyse: Yeah, so
Alyse: Yeah, like, look at that. Like, that's what you're supposed to be in the green and minds in the red
Richelle Direny: Oh, and this is late onset scoliosis, um,
Yeah.
Alyse: It's a more towards the bottom of my spine. And then I also have an extra vertebrae, um, you're only supposed to have
Alyse: Five. I have six
Alyse: And then like this is my hips so my hips are on the line also
Alyse: Which. That's what I thought would have been a problem would have been my hips from that car accident because I remember jerking like I went flying in my feet.
Alyse: Yeah. And then I have arthritis in my S nine which is that lower portion of your back down by your bum.
Alyse: I have arthritis in my hips so
Alyse: They are like, well, the only way to really fix that is to get a stem cell. And I'm like, I can't afford $5,000 for a stem cell, although I would love it because I basically be 32 years old with like brand new baby hips. You know what I mean, like,
Alyse: That that were like one or two years old. They come, they get the stem cells from baby's placenta and their umbilical cords and then they inject that in you and it, it becomes something new. It's like a new body inside your body.
Alyse: So yeah, I'd be like, I'd be like 50 years old with 20 year old hips, but I can't afford it. It's myself and others.
Wow.
Alyse: To me so worth it. I mean this right now. This backs up i'm doing is like 3200 but it's like, to me, it's worth it not to be in the pain that I'm in, um, I found that
Alyse: Just within the past couple weeks of going, there's a whole different change in my pasture in the way I hold my my neck. My back pains reduce some I'm still having a lot of problems with like the sciatica, but I can tell the difference in my back already.
Alyse: So,
Alyse: I mean, make $63 payment, a month for 16 months. That's not bad.
Richelle Direny: That's not bad but
Richelle Direny: It always doesn't sound bad. In the beginning, but then
Alyse: I know, yeah.
Richelle Direny: 63,000 seemed like a whole lot of money. But when you got to come up with it when you don't have it.
Alyse: Yeah I know but it's like, to me, it's worth. It's a
Alyse: To do this because I mean like, now I want to get Xavier check to see if he has scoliosis, because it's a genetic disorder.
Richelle Direny: How old is he
Richelle Direny: What he's in the sixth grade.
Alyse: He will be next year.
Richelle Direny: I think they do it in middle school. I don't know if they do it in
Richelle Direny: Middle School.
Alyse: And said, Yeah, they did it. I did it in grade school, I remember because they told me I scoliosis. They made me. She stood at the one end of the room. I stood at the other. And she made me expand a certain way and bend over.
Alyse: And touch my feet. And I remember them telling me, like, oh, you have scoliosis. I'm like, Yeah, okay, whatever, like
Alyse: Can you stop little girl.
Richelle Direny: Listen, I'm gonna, I'm the second at nine o'clock. Is that good for you.
Alyse: The second
Alyse: Of April. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Don't we meet once a month.
Alyse: No, I thought we went every two weeks.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Alyse: Don't do that to me.
Alyse: Oh, that that you're not even trying. You just making noise Miley the idol Retail. Yeah, I did. I grew up. I did a Google ad. Yeah, I did a Google ad II.
Alyse: Ii Ii Ii Ii
Alyse: II.
Alyse: Good.
Richelle Direny: What did you say she
Alyse: She does one, so she's trying to cry and tall on some dang intention.
Richelle Direny: That's what that sounds like. Listen, you're that you're nowhere near me. Okay. We could do the 19th or the 26
Alyse: We can try the 19
Richelle Direny: You know what, let's do the 19th, because then it will fall back on the next after that will be the second
Alyse: Okay, that'll work out perfect.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and we're doing it. Um,
Alyse: You kicker.
Richelle Direny: So let's do
Richelle Direny: It would you do nine
Okay.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: LOOK AT THE LOOK AT THE HEAD DOWN.
Yeah.
Alyse: She has like the biggest eyes, and the other one has like little like my eyes like cheeky eyes.
Alyse: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Bigger than your sister.
Alyse: Look there so dead. They look so different.
Richelle Direny: But she was she's more she has more weight than her sister.
Alyse: Um, you know,
Alyse: I don't know because yeah yeah she's, she's a little chunkier but summer is long.
Alyse: And she's good way to lie. They started Stage one foods. So they've been eating today's care today. So today, they'll have character, the first time.
Alyse: They love eating foods. Oh, good job, burping so
Richelle Direny: So we're going to check in. But definitely, when does the counseling start or you don't know yet.
Alyse: Um, I go on Monday at
Alyse: 1230 for, like, you know, the pre thing. So to talk and fill out paperwork and stuff like that so
Alyse: And then from there, I'll find out a little bit more
Richelle Direny: You're talking to my friend Xavier
Alyse: Oh yeah. Is that what you're talking about.
Alyse: Yeah yeah yeah
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Alright, so I'm going to put you on my calendar for the 1900 like I did. And what then on the nine. The second I'm putting you in for this. The 19th. So the second
Okay.
Richelle Direny: You still go to groups every week.
Alyse: Yes, madam.
Alyse: I tried to get in earlier in the morning because it's easier. But if not, then I catch that leader group.
Richelle Direny: I will see you on the 19th, if anything changes. I'll let you know or you can let me know, okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, alright. Have a good one.
Alyse: You too. Bye bye.